---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a Machine Learning Engineer at [Criteo](https://criteo.com/). I recently
obtained my PhD in Computer Science from the [University of
Trento](http://www.unitn.it/en). My PhD advisor was Prof. [Andrea
Passerini](http://disi.unitn.it/~passerini).

<h2>Research</h2>

During my PhD, I worked on several topics in Machine Learning, especially those
concerning the prediction of structures and complex objects, as well as
applications thereof.  This research area is called structured-output prediction
and is my current research focus. I'm interested in both the "old fashioned"
large-margin approaches as well as recent deep architectures. I'm particularly
interested in embedding knowledge into structured prediction models, usually
through some kind of constraint solving/learning methods. During my PhD I
applied this concept to preference-based decision problems over combinatorial
spaces of choices. The resulting framework is called "constructive preference
elicitation", which has been the focus of my PhD thesis. My work touches several
other areas of machine learning which I have also come to know pretty well, such
as Online Learning, Convex Optimization, Preference Elicitation and
Recommendation Systems.  Other areas I am interested in are Deep Learning,
Reinforcement Learning, Natural Language Processing, Dialogue Systems,
Statistical Relational Learning and Constraint Programming. Check out my
[CV](/files/CV.pdf) for more details.

<h2>Short Bio</h2>

I got my M.Sc. in Computer Engineering in 2015 from Sapienza University of Rome
(Italy).  During my last year of masters I studied for a semester at the
University of Melbourne (Australia) and I worked on my masters thesis abroad at
the University of Oslo (Norway). There I worked with [Pierre
Lison](https://www.nr.no/~plison) on semantics of dialogue and dialogue systems.
After my graduation, I started my PhD at the University of Trento, a lovely
small city in northern Italy, full of brilliant scientists. Here I started
working with [Andrea Passerini](http://disi.unitn.it/~passerini) and [Stefano
Teso](http://disi.unitn.it/~teso) on constructive preference elicitation. In the
summer of 2018 I started a research internship at Spotify Research London, where
I work primarily on Contextual Bandits algorithms, together with [Mounia
Lalmas](https://mounia-lalmas.blog/) and [Rishabh
Mehrotra](http://rishabhmehrotra.com/). I defended my PhD thesis in April 2019.
In May of 2019 I joined [Criteo](https://ailab.criteo.com/) at their office in
Paris as a Machine Learning Engineer.


<h2>Contact</h2>

Paolo Dragone<br>
Criteo<br>
32 rue Blanche,<br>
75009 Paris

